1. The overall topic of the project (a game, an inventory database, a music classifier, a tool to defeat "captcha"s involving stop lights, whatever), a clever algorithm to traverse a certain type of tree -- whatever!). Try to choose something that is authentically interesting to YOU.
Fishing Game
Fishing by the sea with a fishing rod
Get point when catch a fish
Different kinds of fishes are moving around
Each kind has its own value/point
Using mouse click to play the game
Leaderboard (top 5 leaders with highest point)
1 minute to finish the game


2. Your likely partner(s), if any. Name(s) if known, ideal number if not.
Jingjing Lin, Minyi Xu, Yuanqiao Li


3. Format (e.g., a desktop app, an Android app, a web site with an embedded Java app? something else?).
a desktop app


4. Your current best estimate of how many person-hours will be required to complete your project, broken down as follows:
 - defining     4hr x 3
 - designing   10 hr x 3
 - researching 30 hr x 3
 - implementing 40 hr x 3
 - testing 15 hr x 3
 - debugging 30 hr x 3
and a GRAND TOTAL. 129 hr x 3 = 387 hr


5. One thing you think you may need to learn in order to complete the project.
 MVC control with mouse and keyboard is the part I think I need to learn in order to complete the project.


6: Update for the project:
 Until the recent meeting, we break the project equal to 3 parts(since we are team 3 people).
    * We are using Model View and Controller to build the structure.
    however, in order to divided in equal, we did some exchanges. Me, Jingjing are exchange some portions with Yuanqiao.
        Each one of our team incharge one.
        View: Jingjing lin
           base files:
              Background x 2
              Homeview
              Music
              Score (Models, exchange from models parts)
              Timer (Models, exchange from models parts)
              ***tbd(some addon will install later once we finished build the base game and run the game)

        COntroller: Minyi Xu
           base files:
           Home button
           click for the hook
           click for the music button
           Controller will incharge of Test because the workload is smaller than other two parts.
        Models: Yuanqiao li
           base files:
           Fish ( in charge of view in this part because the files is togather)
           homeModel
           Hook
           Husky
           Line( in charge of view in this part because the files is togather)

 The progress of the program:
 We gave generated 2D background and decided each position of the icons.
 we have found all parts that needed for the games (fishes, hook, and some others)

Plan for this weekend:
  we can genereate the base game, or at least the fishing part can run. no bother with other details.


